Type lore bellow

character list
* protag
-  rey
-  malith
* side
-  zaydon
-  doran
* old man
-  pag
* group
-  raiders
-  wardawns (military)
-  the right birds
* town
-  jerico

rank (wardawn)
1. squir
2. ranker
3. positon leader
4. prior general
5. general
6. loanier

kingdoms
-  kingdom of harer

areas
* the town of jerico
-  the town of jerico is a peacful farming, non religous, town that believes in kindness and second chances. the style of the town is very anceient aisa with one story buildings made of stone and wood.
* kingdom of harer
-  the kingdom of harer is a athoritative and brash city with advance tech, very religious. the city is composed of smooth stone buildings supported with iron rods.
* forest for the lost
-  forest for the lost is a dense dark oak forest allways covered in fog. no light ever touches the ground and the distance seems unreachable

background (rey)
-  rey was taken by raiders when he was young, his whole village was destroyed. rey was taken because the raiders beleived he was special. rey was thrown into a doungen for years and years until the countrys military 
found the raiders base and destroyed it unknowing that there was a doungen full of prisoners including rey inside. rey, with the help of a girl he met in the doungen both managed to escape the doungen through a hole in the wall that the military created. while exiting the doungen rey was trapped under rubble and lost concesness. the girl tryed to help but was captured by the military. the story takes place 10 years after the escape. we follow rey, who doesnt know how old he is or anything about his past due to the brain damage he suffered from the falling rubble. all he knows is his one misson. "find her".

background (malith)
-  after failing to save rey and being captured, malith finds herself inprisoned again. the military which she finds out is called "wardawns" have captured her due to suspitions of being a raider. she proofs herself inesent and later joins the same military. after 10 years she has proven herself quite powerful and has risen to the top rank of "loanier". she and 5 others have aquired this title which means their quite formitable. now she serves the king in carring out missions commonly alone hence the name loanier.

beginning of story (rey)
-  as rey is walikng throught the "forest for the lost" he finds what seems to be an abandoned horse carriage with writing that rey reconizes. this sends his mind back in the past as he recalls for the fist time in 10 year of somthing that is from his past. as rey searchs the carriage, he finds a map with a red mark on a town the reads "you are here" and then a red line that looks to follow the road all the way twards the end of the map and another dot and writing that reads "destination". rey desides to fowllow this map to the "you are here" mark to hopfuly find any clues to his past.

begining of story (malith)
-  the king is trying to peacfuly unite towns across the country to gain political power and create relations with neiboring kingdoms. the king sends his best troops to demonstrate the power he holds, this most always ends up look as a ploy to instiling fear onto these towns. loanier malith is sent to the town of jerico to persuade its ruler to join the kingdom of harer. as she is very persuasive with her looks she is unsuggsesful and desides to take a rest at jerico for awile.

areas
* the town of jerico
-  the town of jerico is a peacful farming, non religous, town that believes in kindness and second chances. the style of the town is very anceient aisa with one story buildings made of stone and wood.
* kingdom of harer
-  the kingdom of harer is a athoritative and brash city with advance tech, very religious. the city is composed of smooth stone buildings supported with iron rods.
* forest for the lost
-  forest for the lost is a dense dark oak forest allways covered in fog. no light ever touches the ground and the distance seems unreachable
