a group of 3 criminals, the boss has powers of explotion, one has powers to control the stars, the other one has powers to take power from those he kills. the 3 are inseprable. the boss is pridful and controling, the one who controles the stars is calm and quiet, and the other is munipulative and a little crazy. the boos is named vulcan and the star powerd ones name is ichor and the other ones name is aris. vulcan wheres a brown coat and jeans, ichor wears white bandeges and metial gloves and a white mask, aris wears a back cap and black suit all made from his slime powers he has aquired (eminance in shadow referance). the 3 travel together when they are stopped by a group of bandits. they kill all the bandits and aris shows off his powers by consuming one of the bandits. the 3 then walk twords the town they were traviling to. a new group of 3 are introdused. they are heros in training with there leader being a top ranking hero. the 2 groups meet and fight. the fight ends and it seems to be a draw more leaning twords the criminals. at night aris sneaks off to find where the heros are based, he goes there to steal one of the heros powers he was intrested about. after stealth killing the hero aris takes the powers and leaves. the other 2, vulcan, and ichor having no knawlage of this hppening go on with there lifves in the town. the 2 heros, one named #@#, and the other #!#, set off to avenge there fallen comrad. susspecting it to have been the villins they faught the day prior, they suround and capture the 2 criminals, aris not being one of them. vulcan and ichor being confussed why the heros are in a fit of rage decid to book it not wanting to further escolate the situation. vulcan and ichor hide wondering why there was only 2 heros instead of 3, also wndering where the hell aris when. the heros find and capture the 2 criminals and are about to exocute them when aris seemingly teleports behind the heros. vulcan deduses what had happen that night and asks why aris did it. the heros just relizing aris was behind him creat distance between echother. while vulcan and ichor were both still tied up, aris takes on one of the heros with his newly gained powers. aris states that he has been practicing this new powee he has gained and can now phase through matirials and has gained incredible speed. #!# hearing this goes into a fit of rage and the 2 start to fight. while they are fighting #@# questions vulcan and ichor. the situation gets cleared up and vulcan states that doing what aris did is cowerdly and i would never send him to do that, i have pride in my strangth. 
